Update password hash documentation on basic authentication (#2257)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/deployment-guide/pages/basic-authentication-plugin.adoc

If running in cloud mode, you can use the `bin/solr auth` command-line utility to enable security for a new installation, see: `bin/solr auth --help` for more details.

For Basic authentication, `security.json` must have an `authentication` block which defines the class being used for authentication.

> Usernames and passwords (as a base64 encoded `sha256(sha256(salt+password))` hash) could be added when the file is created, or can be added later with the Authentication API, described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usernames and passwords (Format: `base64(sha256(sha256(salt+password)) base64(salt)`) could be added when the file is created, or can be added later with the Authentication API, described below.
```

<1> The first block defines the authentication plugin to be used and its parameters.
<2> The parameter `"blockUnknown":true` means that unauthenticated requests are not allowed to pass through.

> <3> A user called 'solr', with a password `'SolrRocks'` in the format `base64(<password hash>) base64(<salt>)` has been defined.

Reviewer: No need to repeat this detail here again.
```suggestion
<3> A user called 'solr', with a password `'SolrRocks'`, in the encoded format detailed above, has been defined.
```
